<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">

<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<title>A Course in Miracles | Manual | Table of Contents</title>
</head>

<body>
	<nav epub:type="toc">
		<h1>Table of Contents</h1>
		<ol>
			<li><a href="chapter1.xhtml">Introduction</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter2.xhtml">Who are God’s Teachers?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter3.xhtml">Who are their Pupils?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter4.xhtml">What are the Levels of Teaching?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter5.xhtml">What are the Characteristics of God’S Teachers?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter6.xhtml">How is Healing Accomplished?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter7.xhtml">Is Healing Certain?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter8.xhtml">Should Healing be Repeated?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter9.xhtml">How can the Perception of Order of Difficulties be Avoided?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter10.xhtml">Are Changes Required in the Life Situations of God’S Teachers?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter11.xhtml">How is Judgement Relinquished?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter12.xhtml">How is Peace Possible in This World?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter13.xhtml">How Many Teachers of God are Needed to Save the World?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter14.xhtml">What is the Real Meaning of Sacrifice?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter15.xhtml">How Will the World End?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter16.xhtml">Is Each One to be Judged in the End?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter17.xhtml">How Should the Teacher of God Spend his Day?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter18.xhtml">How do God’s Teachers Deal with their Pupils’ Thoughts of Magic?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter19.xhtml">How is Correction Made?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter20.xhtml">What is Justice?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter21.xhtml">What is the Peace of God?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter22.xhtml">What is the Role of Words in Healing?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter23.xhtml">How are Healing and Atonement Related?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter24.xhtml">Does Jesus have a Special Place in Healing?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter25.xhtml">Is Reïncarnation True?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter26.xhtml">Are “Psychic” Powers Desirable?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter27.xhtml">Can God be Reached Directly?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter28.xhtml">What is Death?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter29.xhtml">What is the Resurrection?</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter30.xhtml">As for the Rest</a></li>
			<li><a href="chapter31.xhtml">Use of Terms</a></li>
		</ol>
	</nav>
</body>

</html>